Now I know what your thing is at this point.
My word Andrew.
This is not an update to the language.
This is an entirely new language.
There is so much information.
Well not to worry my dear friend.
Like I said before iOS 6 was probably one of if not the biggest updates to the javascript language.
But all of the other subsequent updates that happen yearly are honestly pretty small just like a couple
of new methods or maybe a new concept here and there.
But really iOS 6 is the biggest update to javascript that's happened to date and probably will stay
that way as one of the biggest updates to the language.
All of the other subsequent updates will not be nearly as bad.
For the most part I promise nothing though anyway.
So now we've talked about destructuring the next thing to talk about is sets and maps all these sets
and then maps J.S. and then I'm going to throw in the good old fashioned script tag.
So while we're talking about sets and maps I figure I'll explain what they actually are.
So essentially inside of javascript in the land before time there was only one type of collection originally
inside of javascript and that was called an array array.
As you already know is just a set of keys and values the keys are numbers that map to a particular value.
But originally people wanted more than just this type of collection they wanted to use sets and they
also wanted to use maps.
Now since these particular types of collections or you know groups of data if you will or ways of organizing
groups of data since they didn't exist in a language people would kind of hack their way around it and
build their own custom implementations of sets and maps.
Now a set is very similar to an array except it can't contain any duplicate.
So similar to an array but it can contain duplicates.
The other thing to keep in mind here is whenever you use sets most of the time you're not using them
to access the values inside of them.
Rather you're just checking to see if a value is there in the first place.
We'll see their usefulness very soon.
Maps on the other hand are key value pairs and pairs.
So essentially whenever you use a map it's storing two different pieces of data and you would specify
the key that you want in order to get the value that is associated with it.
Now with that being said first we're going to look at a couple of the work arounds that people used
to implement to simulate this functionality.
And then we'll look at the way we can actually do it naturally any six.